Adela González and the morning program
question the work of the judges and
prosecutors who are conducting the
victim's trial in La Coruña Samuel
Ester Expósito heavily criticized for having
done something to her face
Antonio David Flores' reproach to Gloria Camila and
José Ortega Cano Jorge Javier Vázquez
mercilessly attacks Isabel Pantoja after
her daughter's interview
last weekend on Friday the lawyer
Mik Vasco also gives her opinion on this issue
and she is against Isa p and
rebukes her for all the exclusives and all
the things she has done to Costa her
mother María del Monte
speaks again about the isapi interview
on the son soles program and sends a
warning to Isabel Pantoja Raquel Boyo
also wanted to give her opinion and states that there
is data that is still not known the
same thing happens with Adara Molinero who when
asked about the issue she
reproached Isap for doing it for
money the television factory announces its
next documentary this time it is
about true crime and about  suspicious
death well alleged suicide of Sandra
Mosa rski alleged lover of King Juan
Carlos I'll tell you everything below
in this video What's up my honor How are you
I hope you're enjoying the
day you know this is telesalseo your
favorite gossip channel and every
day around here we're reporting
all the news make yourself comfortable And let's go
to the
[Music]
mess the morning show is
covering the trial of the victim Samuel you
know he was a young gay man who was
murdered by a pack of kids
let's call it that with whom he had a
confrontation and a fight in a
nightclub and it is being judged whether apart
from being murder it was murder with
cruelty a hate crime I was
really struck by this clip
from the morning show where Adela
González and her fellow
collaborators were questioning the
work of the judge not only the
work of the judge but also the
work of the prosecutor and of those who were
there asking the question by asking
if Samuel looked homosexual
they have become a little populist for
my taste in the sense  questioning
judges when they are doing their
job as if that question couldn't be asked
as if that question were
offensive Of course we
agree that a homosexual does not have to
have a specific appearance, it
may be a cliché But there are
times when it
can be seen that a person
is homosexual, it is not an offense
Nothing happens and everyone dresses and speaks
as they want but it is true that there
are many times when the gestures are more
feminine, the way of speaking is also more
feminine, even the way of dressing maybe
tighter, more like this, more like that and there are
many occasions in which a
gay person Well, it is noticeable in appearance,
this does not mean that by
obligation if you are homosexual you have to
put on a gay appearance or have to
use some type of clothing.
You can do whatever you want.
There are many people who do not, but
practically here the professionals
are doing their job because they are
investigating whether it was a murder as
such or a murder aggravated by a
hate crime. A hate crime occurs
when an aggression, in this case,
insults can also be
provoked by discrimination. In
other words, the kid would have been  killed for
being homosexual that they have attacked
The kid because he was homosexual for me
the truth is that criticizing this Well, I don't
know the truth is that I have not understood it
much, it seemed to me a bit of
populism no and to do here a little bit of the
Political Movement to use
this case to say stupid things like this
and what we have to do is trust in
justice also there are many allusions
to seemed homosexual is what
the defense of both
Diego Montaña and Katy Silva are trying to refute that their
two clients did not insult They did not tell
Samuel Luis and A moment of
great tension was generated in the courtroom and also
in the social networks that the people who
are following the trial because as we are
going to hear right now the defense
of Diego Montaña asked both
Lina and Vanessa the person who
was with Samuel that night and the person
who was on the other end of the phone if
by the way Samuel was dressed he
looked homosexual and Lina and
Vanessa got quite angry listen
man, for you that person That
clothing his appearance is homosexual,
that person's, for you gives the
appearance of being homosexual seeing a
person with a t-shirt  white and
light colored jeans,
appearance, not after the gestures. No, I
'm asking you about appearance first,
clothing. I don't want you to
interpret my questions. Simply
answer. Look at Samuel's physical appearance.
His gestures, his voice, could give the
impression that he could be homosexual. How do I
answer? He had a sweet voice, a
feminine voice. To me, I don't know. No, there's
no appearance for that. The judge
has never said that a
homosexual has to have
clothing, an appearance, or anything like that.
My goodness, please forgive,
forgive. We're uh, we're
hallucinating. And in shock, what is the sweet
voice? What, but what are you talking about?
Topics. What are you talking about? Whether he
has a nerve, whether he doesn't have a nerve, whether
homosexuals, a way of, seriously?
We're in 2024. No, the judge and the
prosecutor are trying to find out if
the crime was committed out of hate or because they are
criminals. What are they saying on
social media? They're a thermometer, not the most
important one, nor the one that determines
absolutely anything, but they are a
thermometer for the judge's attitude. I
walked the editorial staff, precisely
this morning I was reading an article, I
don't remember now.  same from the author in
La Voz de Galicia And he was saying what we were
discussing at the table, what appearance does
a homosexual person have to have
if they have to wear a skirt if they have to wear
makeup if they have to have a feather and this is what
Vanessa and Lina were saying in the
provincial courtroom they were saying is that I do
n't know how to answer this because I don't
know what appearance a
homosexual person has to have, I can
insult you but I can insult you without
knowing that you are gay or without knowing that you
are whatever you really are, it's that
nowadays they take anything as an offense
and on top of that they are becoming Super indignant
no Oh my God we are very scared it's
2024 girl Well of course
people whatever their orientation they have
can wear whatever they want and
look however they want, of course
but we can't deny that there
are times when a person, even maybe
being straight, can have a
homosexual appearance. Hey, maybe he
likes to wear very short shirts
with the hbg in the air, I don't know, cliché, not
cliché, whatever you want but yeah
yes this Expósito went yesterday to the
broncano la revuelta program and he has
stirred up the panorama a bit, you know
that this Expósito well everyone likes it
because she is beautiful but yesterday something
quite peculiar happened and it is being
talked about a lot today on social media and the
truth is that on her face you could see that she had
something done Maybe a little
exaggerated people are comparing her
with Carmen lomana with Carmen de mairena let's
see this girl if I'm not mistaken
is under 30 years old she had
beautiful facial hair I mean she's really cute but it
is true that
this has been ruined it is usually this I don't know if it is the
case or some kind of allergy but it is usually the
effect of having sneaked in with
hyaluronic acid let's see I hope that as
the months go by it will go down
and go away and that she doesn't do it again
please don't touch
anything people on social media have not stopped
sharing clips comparing a little the
face she had before with the one she has
now don't [ __ ] with me it
has to cross her mind  to an aunt
like Ester Expósito to want to change
her face this was her a few years ago
nothing this is the resistance okay
anton David flores has made a small
Well a small well small to see
made a reproach to both Gloria Camila
and José Ortega Cano especially to José
Ortega Cano By the way this morning
I got a brutal scare because
a news story had just come out in which Ortega
Cano had visited the hospital again this morning
and suddenly they sent me a
news story that said José Ortega Cano dies
at 75 years old and it was another José Ortega Cano
also related to the world of
bullfighting my goodness I mean I thought it was
José Ortega Cano and I was even
about to start directly about to
start a video What a coincidence my goodness
and apart from that they are more or less
similar in age well The Movida It's that Paky,
Antonio David's collaborator, has been the one who brought
up the subject that she was
surprised let's call it That's a bit
the fact that Gloria Camila and José
Ortega Cano have never publicly
come out to show their faces  by Antonio
David Flores when everything happened with the
documentary here I'm sincerely going to
give you a small opinion and you know that
in the news I don't like to give my opinion
much Here I try to limit myself to giving my opinion there's
little point in reporting but practically I It's that I
think it's more than obvious that
Gloria Camila gets along well with Antonio
David, they have a cordiality he's
obviously Rocío's father But on some
occasions she has made some comments that
show that she doesn't agree with
many things that Antonio
David has done above all I remember one
specific occasion in which she said that
if she had known the details of
Antonia VII Flores' argument with her
father where Antonia VII said something
like telling something not about how the
adoption was that she would not have had that good
relationship with Antonio David never no and it's
more than obvious that there will be many things
in which she will not agree with the
things that Antonio David has done to his
sister I think that Gloria Camila It's not
that she is against her sister for
Antonio David she is against her
sister for her niece Rocío Flores and
regarding the issue of José Ortega Cano
Well well she has done  the ps with him he
has a cordiality with him but you already
know all the things that José Orte
Gaco said to Antonio David in his day
then yes it is true that Antonio
David Well he says no that he does not need
anyone to defend him that
justice has defended him By the way there is
a point here of something that many
people have not understood And that is that there are
many people who have understood what
Antonio David comments that he won a
lawsuit against Rocío Carrasco because she
sued him for calling her unfaithful Antonio
David Comments in this live that he
lost in the first instance lost in the
second and won in the supreme well
this does not mean that Rocío
Carrasco Yes or yes was unfaithful this
means that what Antonio
David said is freedom of expression and that it is
based on truthfulness truthful does not
have to be true truthfulness is
one thing and proven objective truth
is another but it is true that
accusing someone let's call it
accusing not accusing someone of
infidelity is not accusing them of a crime
Infidelity was decriminalized
many years ago, therefore, it
is not illegal to accuse someone of being unfaithful. Yes, there
is more or less a truth to it, and as I
said, it is also up to
each person's discretion what they consider
infidelity. Infidelity can be
texting someone, talking to
someone, flirting, and also Anton David
Flores has ended up reproaching
Ortega Cano. It's good that it is
true that they have never done anything
publicly, they have not shown their faces enough to
speak out regarding what
Antonio David said, but nevertheless, in
the past, on one occasion, he did
defend Ortega Cano tooth and nail. He
is reminding him of this, like
throwing it in his face. No. Look, I defended you.
And you didn't talk to me. You haven't
needed help. I haven't
had any defense, but I haven't had it from
anyone. I haven't needed it because I have
always told the truth. I have never been
sued and blamed for something that was
n't true. I said that Rocío
Carrasco was disloyal to me.  I used the
term unfaithful in court because I
didn't have much control, he won in the
first instance, in the second instance I
took it to the Supreme Court and the
Supreme Court ruled in my favor, that is to
say, I have never lied and I have never been
convicted for it, that is why I have not
needed any defense because the
defense has been justice itself, which has
been the one that has ruled in my favor,
always watch out for Jorge Javier Vázquez
who has spoken out loud in his
reading blog against Isabel Pantoja, you already
know that Jorge Xavier Vázquez does not have a
very good relationship with Isabel Pantoja, it did not
end well at all, but he does have one with
Isa p, of whom he was even her best man, let's
see some things to highlight
from this blog, although I recommend that you
read it in full, of course, okay, I have
known Isabel Pantoja for years,
as long as I have been in this
profession, and that's been a few, she has
sown chaos and destruction in her path, she has
used people as stepping stones
to rise, in other words, she has gone around trampling
people to climb, she has never given a single word
without interest.  property touched the sky
when it tricked Julian Muñoz a
criminal who walked around hanging from
the singer's arm believing himself to be
George cloning if already separately they had
a stone as a couple they were
unbearable they treated people as
if they were their subjects they lived with the
certainty that everyone they stepped on
belonged to them and when they got caught they
ended up in jail on the subject of
Isa Pantoja's virginity No that it is
supposed that they took the girl at 16
years old to take the handkerchief test almost
no in a gynecologist well in several No
because they were refusing two Jorge
Javier Remember that Isabel Pantoja
refused when her son had the addictions
no and the problems with drugs to
go to him to enter him in a
detoxification center for fear that
his problems with drugs would be made public
always with the fear of what he will say I mean
if your son needs help what does it matter
not what they say the important thing is that he
recovers and not that he goes more and
well Eh At the end of the Blog it becomes
comment on Broncano's program
the truth is that it seems that he likes it
so much that he doesn't watch it just like I do because of
time no and because of schedules the truth
is that whatever the schedule is I don't like it either I
never have time to
watch other programs that are not
for the content that I'm going to
comment on and Hey, I think he wants to
go eh I think José Xavier wants to go
to Broncano's program another
opinion that is going viral on
social networks is that of my colleague
Mika Vasco to whom we send a kiss and I
recommend his channel mik has added
isap Mika reminds isapi of all the
covers that have been made to Costa about
selling his mother and I would also affirm that
Tele5 is ASUS that this is happening
because they are interested in keeping
Isap happy and however Isabel Pantoja does not because of
the issue of the Lux operation you already know
that the issue of the Lux operation is a
criminal case disclosure of
secrets and I don't know how many other things
bribery was ruled out because a policeman
passed police files tele5 agent
police records medical reports a
lot of documentation that he had
access to because of his job so that they could release
content mik Vasco has sentenced
all those involved in the
lux operation to all those who are making
agreements with tele5 to forgive them and
this time especially isapi but
disap has already far surpassed what happened to
Kiko Rivera and look at that thing with Kiko Rivera there
came a time when it was
truly disgusting she is very
peculiar she is very manipulative the partner you have
isapi you have enough
misfortune with the partner you have
I hope she does not pass the
National Police exams of
course eh Because
within the police force we would like to
have honest people eh No no more
disasters and well I agree with
adara that she leaves her mother alone if she has
a problem she should go to a psychologist
that yesterday she made it clear not to the psychologist
not to television to collect everyone earning
money and everyone putting pressure on us to see how
we do to close the light operation
because I don't know if you realize the double
talk that tele5 has depending on the
characters for example in the case of
José María  almoguera
putting all the meat on the grill to
see if there is a Reconciliation with Carmen
Borrego for not doing the same with Isapi
Tele5 is not interested in Isapi
reconciling with Isabel Pantoja what
they are interested in isapi
becoming the best soldier to
harass and pressure Isabel Pantoja there
is nothing more than by the way careful and
brutal insinuation by mica
Vasco to i pí yesterday we were commenting
on the live with Marina the opinion that
Maria de del Monte had of whom they
speculate could have
also been helping the adoption of Isapi
in her day and it is that at the
Santa Justa station Maria del Monte was
commenting that she was completely
outraged to have found out about everything
that she has found out through this
interview and that of course if everything
her goddaughter says is true it
seems very very serious and let's go a lot of fabric she has
also been giving her opinion Yesterday
afternoon on the son sole program
and she is very sad hurt and outraged to
have heard that story from her goddaughter
Isapi alleges  of course not knowing anything
about the facts and from the set she sends a
stern warning to Isabel Pantoja And the thing is
that if she had known things would have been
different my daughter makes
some statements in which she narrates
certain events that impact this
country I think they have impacted
everyone logically she is a person that I
love and me too what
has impacted you the most Maria Well the
suffering when a person that
you love suffers in that way well it
hits you deep it hits you deep So I have
never said anything but I have said and I
reiterate that if what my daughter has
said is true it seems to me to be the
strongest thing that I have ever heard in my life and I have
heard things eh I believe that no one in this
country has missed the
statements that that creature has
made I have not spoken for 23 years I am going to
continue not to speak about anything that has to
do with my private intimate life much
less but I do want to because my
heart needs it my heart needs it I
want her to know that I am
here that if she needs me I am here
how I have  been always that has also been
commenting on the situation has
been Raquel boyo you know that Raquel
boyo is a very close person to the
Pantoja family although it seems that
lately there has been a bit of
distance But well there has not been
much talk about that subject or at
least it has not been clarified what there is
No, it is true that Raquel boyo
seems to be a bit detached from the
media she is fighting legally
and you know that lately well does not
participate much in these contents but it
seems that they have called her by
phone to know her opinion and
evidently as it could not be
otherwise they have broadcast the call Raquel makes
a bit of a plea defending her
friend Isabel Pantoja who was once
her cousin in law and for whom she
has a great appreciation and affirms that
things are not entirely as isapi has told them
In fact Raquel boyo Affirms ea
isapi who dares to tell things
as it happened for example the episode of the
hose Raquel boyo says that that
episode Well of course it is half
true no more or less but that she tells
really why did that happen to him why did they
treat him like that let's see really I think that
things can't be 100% as he
told them is pim and that surely in
this whole story there are nuances the problem
here is that the other versions maybe we'll
never hear them sense
and like he has lived through something that
had to have stopped No you can't
stop at 15 years old nothing first because
you are not in the middle of the fight because
out of respect when you arrive at a house and they
call you to accompany you
and you don't know what's going on yeah and I man
come with me my mother called me do
n't see how she is like the crazy ones that
my sister saying this and that and that they are
fighting and she doesn't accompany her cousin of
mine arrives and goes inside and my
son can't live with what happens there ypu his
cousin tells him tells him and that's where what happened happened
and what he doesn't tell She
is that the one who came out to stop that situation
was precisely her uncle but
stories sometimes told in another
way have more Moro and apparently not  it
was no kind of cleaning to see what it's
possible to get a cleaning with a way I
don't really know how how it was that
she tells it and why it happened that doesn't
mean that it's okay but man
is that she tells that they have done a
cleaning a hose to remove the
virginity precisely what is it that
hurts me Well look that this is being
used that a child who has not
gotten into anything who was then 15
years old and she herself knows that in addition it was told to her she is
going to be sued with this do not
take it is that I have not said anything
the others have said yes but you have kept
quiet and my son said clear as this
continue to sue because in the end they are
making him an abuser sorry then
my son who precisely the little
interview that he has given you have seen
how respectful he has been there to a man who
is his father who has done to me what he did to
me How is it going to be seen well that
this is done it is that it does not fit
when Dulce went on vacation
I stayed there and the one who slept in the
room with the girl was me and the one who was
watching the girls all day
because Dulce was not there was  I
mean you have lived through all that they say about
her not being treated well, about being
spoken to badly, about being allowed to do many things,
even spoiling her the way Dulce treated her
because she was the one who treated Dulce the worst in the
world. What they say is that it
's the adults who treat a
girl badly. I have never heard Isabel speak
more about her daughter. I have heard Isabel
speak very well of her daughter and adore her
daughter. What she says is that Isabel has gone
to a roundabout. Where is she left for her
grandson? Yes, the mantoja has an ego for everything
and that effectively she did not have a good
relationship with her uncle and with her grandmother. Yes,
root from Marbella, previously I can
tell you that everything was wonderful and also
Gustino was there, I mean, after Marbella you
tell me this because of the appearance of Julian
Muñoz, just as I have seen that girl
laugh her head off and play jokes on her
grandmother in the kitchen in Madrid, Yarla, and
cover up her blood that was not from her
family. I have not lived through all that. I have not
lived through it, it all seems so
regrettable to me for everything and that all of us who
love that family have tried to make
things happen in a good way
but that  it's already at a point where it's
unviable everyone has made a mistake and they've
sold out their family especially Raquel
boyo has come out to stand up for her
son and it's that her son has been
pointed out in all this mess because he
was apparently present when Kiko
Rivera did the hose thing to his
sister Raquel boyo alleges that
evidently her son was accompanying
his cousin was there caught him by the middle
and that at 15 years old he wasn't going to get involved
in something that wasn't his and that belonged to
another house By the way the son also
warned some collaborators with lawsuits
For example against
Ángela portero and especially Raquel boyo
emphasizes that maybe things
are not as they say another one who has given
her opinion has been Dara molinero and she hasn't
held back in being forceful
against Isa p whom she accuses of doing
all this for money your statements have been much discussed
with the issue of Isa
Pantoja who has stood up for her a lot
on social networks and there are networks That also
or rather they are also coming
after her  from what he said about his
mother, of course, let's see, I think that no
family is perfect, no parents are
perfect, but there are things that, well,
if they can be avoided by talking on
television, uh, making money talking about
your mother, I mean, I can understand that you
've had a really bad time and I'm very sorry
but to talk about your mother, did
n't you happen to have something similar with your father? Oh,
you didn't talk to me, I mean, you have
talked about your disagreements with him,
who, father,
no, no, no, no. By the way, I don't know if
you remember that a few days ago, I don't know if it
was the previous newscast or the
previous one, the television factory, now
manufacturers, announced that they were soon going to
release something, a project, a documentary on
the ten channel. Well, they've already said what it
is, in the end, it's not what we thought,
that we thought it could have to do
with the closure of Sálvame or something like that. The
truth is that that also
surprised me a little, partly because of the fact
that this was already done on Netflix, nothing was
done afterwards and to top it off, it's
a documentary about the
suspicious death of Sandra  mozarowsky
is a girl who supposedly was the
king's lover and she got rid of it by
jumping off a balcony. Quite
suspicious when it was found out that apparently
the autopsy showed that she was
5 months pregnant curious curious to say
the least I know that the
television factory is not going to cut any hair in
making this documentary and in commenting on everything they
have investigated. They also claim
that they have investigated very deeply
that they have found many things that
could not be found at the time so
sincerely I am so eager and I I I am
very interested in this documentary. The
truth is that I think that we are going to make videos of this case
also on the
main channel we will be
waiting in 1977 the very young actress
Sandra Mosar died when she fell from the balcony
of her house while watering the plants. They
say that she was in a
relationship with the King of Spain Juan
Carlos I and that the autopsy discovered that
Sandra was 5 months pregnant. Good
family, here we are leaving
today's video we will try to do it
live also tonight I will
try I do not promise anything but if I
do it it will be around 11 okay when I get back
from the gym  Meduo and others I will be with
you, we will be gossiping
quite loudly, okay. So, if you
like the content, like, share and
all that stuff, kiss very hard and bye bye
[Music]